Let's make you proud for a while.
After that game exploded.
See how you still laugh.
Master has exploded.
What exploded?
Make sure to tell the company of the game you just bought.
Qin Fengming, I'm telling you.
This kind of constantly losing company is a hole.
You're the only fool who'll spend $1.5 billion on it.
Of course, I'm not saying you're stupid.
After all, you're fascinated by the beauty of Li's poetry.
What the hell are you talking about?
You.
Don't be excessive.
The first bet was that you'd fight me.
Now that you've lost, vent your anger on people.
You talk a lot.
That's enough.
Tell me, did something happen to the game company that Fengming just bought?
What's going on?
Today the game company has released a new game.
Just an hour online, the water's already broken by the billions.
This game is absolutely explosive.
Sir, this is a great pleasure.
Ah.